with a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film , lovely & amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .
tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid .
some actors have so much charisma that you 'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book .
hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors .
yet the act is still charming here .
a pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors .
unlike most teen flicks , swimming takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity .
good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy .
it 's an old story , but a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes make just a kiss seem minty fresh .
ray liotta and jason patric do some of their best work in their underwritten roles , but do n't be fooled : nobody deserves any prizes here .
the principals in this cast are all fine , but bishop and stevenson are standouts .
you could say that it 's slow at times , you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people would n't , but one thing you could n't say is that alias betty is predictable .
but it 's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast .
an involving true story of a chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution -- acted mostly by the actual people involved .
the talents of the actors helps `` moonlight mile `` rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing .
the whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like bellini and mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by .
the actors are fantastic .
ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year 's best acting , personal velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum .
well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull .
exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven… [ the film ] addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce .
a sensitive and expertly acted crowd-pleaser that is n't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears .
led by griffin 's smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm , the cast has a lot of fun with the material .
still , i 'm not quite sure what the point is… rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , les destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual .
with youthful high spirits , tautou remains captivating throughout michele 's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast .
goyer 's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .
binoche and magimel are perfect in these roles .
for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded .
although life or something like it is very much in the mold of feel-good movies , the cast and director stephen herek 's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles .
much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
it helps that the central performers are experienced actors , and that they know their roles so well .
hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in burdette 's dialogue .
full frontal is the antidote for soderbergh fans who think he 's gone too commercial since his two oscar nominated films in 2000 it turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting .
grant gets to display his cadness to perfection , but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte .
a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble .
davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .
the actors are so terrific at conveying their young angst , we do indeed feel for them .
the movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting .
occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going .
the am-radio soundtrack and game cast -- tierney and the inimitable walken especially -- keep this unusual comedy from choking on its own conceit .
novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach .
the acting alone is worth the price of admission .
the two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than fire-breathing monsters barbecue with their breath .
the cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed .
andy garcia enjoys one of his richest roles in years and mick jagger gives his best movie performance since , well , performance .
that he hardly seems to be acting .
fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots .
to the film 's credit , the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment .
majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast .
it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .
tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .
exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling .
the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production 's austere locales .
pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .
having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , khouri then gets terrific performances from them all .
an operatic , sprawling picture that 's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length .
it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters .
it 's so good that you can practically see the hollywood 'suits ' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too -inevitable american remake .
audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she 's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amélie .
but it goes deeper than that , to fundamental choices that include the complexity of the catholic doctrine a superbly acted and funny/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate .
maneuvers skillfully through the plot 's hot brine -- until it 's undone by the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors .
vera 's three actors -- mollà , gil and bardem -- excel in insightful , empathetic performances .
a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .
the vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together .
an exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , minority report twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton 's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana .
caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter tony gayton 's narcotics noir to life .
the movie 's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast .
thanks to haynes ' absolute control of the film 's mood , and buoyed by three terrific performances , far from heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act .
has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .
another one of those estrogen overdose movies like `` divine secrets of the ya ya sisterhood , `` except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better .
an exquisitely crafted and acted tale .
the movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure .
by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
in addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .
extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
there is truth here a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .
the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor .
it is also beautifully acted .
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .
well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting .
the entire cast is extraordinarily good .
the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful .
gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .
'it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances .
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films .
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .
all the actors are good in pauline & paulette but van der groen , described as 'belgium 's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as pauline .
but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately .
but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast .
all right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .
the cast comes through even when the movie does n't .
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl- a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .
collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting 'chops ' and they take full advantage .
lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject – taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .
a diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of palestinian and israeli children .
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .
acting can not be acted .
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold .
his work with actors is particularly impressive .
davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy .
if you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in , sweet home alabama is diverting in the manner of jeff foxworthy 's stand-up act .
it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms .
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .
depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey martin 's deterioration and barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger .
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
what 's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .
the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .
while the path may be familiar , first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
[ leigh ] has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
none of his actors stand out , but that 's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : characterization matters less than atmosphere .
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .
garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park 's .
child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans `` make this a charmer .
the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible .
henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .
the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .
for 95 often hilarious minutes , [ cho ] riffs on the diciness of colonics , on straight versus gay personal ads , on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outré sexual practice .
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .
like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor .
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man .
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh .
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america .
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .
rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
i know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy .
the all-french cast is marveilleux .
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves .
with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , `` maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
the dangerous lives of altar boys `` has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .
using an endearing cast , writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
in many ways , reminiscent of 1992 's unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino .
the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema .
an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
but the actors make this worth a peek .
i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .
so beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .
but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .
the cast .
with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , hélène angel is definitely a director to watch .
fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum [ reynolds ] takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean 'dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it .
but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .
the cast is phenomenal , especially the women .
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .
he 's one of the few 'cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .
wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time .
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently .
you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie 's failings .
the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
the acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .
for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
if you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .
tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .
beautifully directed and convincingly acted .
the picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out .
costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie errol flynn always wanted to make , though bette davis , cast as joan , would have killed him .
and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .
campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution .
fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
jackson is one of the best actors there is .
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .
a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .
mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved .
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
beautifully filmed and well acted .
the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast is n't the least bit mesmerizing .
the acting is n't much better .
[ n ] o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line .
unintelligible , poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , harvard man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic .
[ swimfan ] falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
i ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents .
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast .
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .
hugh grant 's act is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
brady achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors .
the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
, but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .
it 's easy to love robin tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .
aside from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd , there 's little to be learned from watching 'comedian' a perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently acted but by no means scary horror movie .
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .
sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
it 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
the film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects — from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .
impeccably filmed , sexually charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .
if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?
to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree .
all very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it 's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .
hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it does n't .
breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .
it 's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .
slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot .
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .
but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
an ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance .
it plays like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness .
so brisk is wang 's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .
in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode .
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i have n't encountered since at least pete 's dragon .
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
a blair witch- style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .
the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
one of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms .
he has a great cast and a great idea .
this one is a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors .
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .
even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting .
though moonlight mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that 's potentially moving , the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama .
while much of the cast has charm -- especially allodi and nolden -- the performers are sunk by the film 's primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy .
which forces the audience to fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience 's awkward silence a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking .
despite impeccable acting .
nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects .
do n't be fooled by the impressive cast list - eye see you is pure junk .
for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout .
director uwe boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback .
burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .
what is 100 % missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting .
nonsensical , dull `` cyber-horror `` flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting .
a great ensemble cast ca n't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar .
the actors are appealing , but elysian fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental .
complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining .
exists then as an occasionally insightful acting exercise .
the actors do n't inhabit their roles -- they 're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes .
the worst kind of independent ; the one where actors play dress down hicks and ponderously mope around trying to strike lightning as captured by their 1970s predecessors it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb .
a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within .
feels like one of those contrived , only-in -hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating oscar talk .
'carente de imaginación , mal dirigida , peor actuada y sin un ápice de romance , es una verdadera pérdida de tiempo y dinero' acting , particularly by tambor , almost makes `` never again `` worthwhile , but [ writer/director ] schaeffer should follow his titular advice both stars manage to be funny , but , like the recent i spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie . ``
schaeffer , christopher and grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell .
the essential problem in orange county is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do .
a broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags .
some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations .
when a set of pre-shooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that 's a bad sign .
some actors steal scenes .
proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism .
the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected .
falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that are n't funny .
it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles .
excellent acting and direction .
good for a few unintentional laughs , `` extreme ops `` was obviously made for the `` xxx `` crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .
the noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in sorority boys , whose makers apparently believe that women 's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction .
a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy 's well-honed prima donna shtick .
the acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from gilligan 's island -- and the cgi scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year .
madonna still ca n't act a lick .
it 's badly acted , blandly directed , and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school .
a slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast .
the writers , director wally wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : kappa rho alpha phi .
a well acted and well intentioned snoozer .
has all the poignancy of a hallmark card and all the comedy of a gallagher stand-up act .
a semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
the irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted .
the cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big .
eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work .
the cast is uniformly excellent .
despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei 's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy .
it 's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script .
maybe it 's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul `` full frontal `` seems , well , contrived .
the film is surprisingly well-directed by brett ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act .
without a strong script and energetic acting , dogma films can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor 's home videos .
the actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus .
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .
except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed 'surprises . '
unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
hardman is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .
a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special .
here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story .
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest 'tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised .
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .
in between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and 'just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '
despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
it 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
apparently writer-director attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film .
plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up .
despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that 'zany ' does n't necessarily mean 'funny . '
while howard 's appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast .
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .
alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .
the irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .
oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material the problems of the people in love in the time of money are hardly specific to their era .
so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .
the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
impostor does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .
shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to 'lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
while this film has an 'a ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake .
a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school .
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral .
when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read 'seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
the acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .
directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd .
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground .
this rough trade punch-and-judy act did n't play well then and it plays worse now .
no , i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments .
with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . ``
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .
holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
[ jackson and bledel ] seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .
i 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r .
the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well .
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap .
the actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect .
a bad movie that happened to good actors .
shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations it would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .
with a `` spy kids `` sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl `` has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?
there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them .
a weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l .
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .
[ t ] he script is n't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .
though uniformly well acted , especially by young ballesta and galan ( a first-time actor ) , writer/director achero manas 's film is schematic and obvious .
but the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio .
showtime 's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment .
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .
if nothing else , `` rollerball `` 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j .
there 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?
what is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with cage 's best acting .
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad .
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .
you can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there 's very little hustling on view .
