its successes are also tempered with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right . ``
demeo , who produced and directed the film with charles a .
possession is elizabeth barrett browning meets nancy drew , and it 's directed by .
as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys ' novel `` the death of napoleon `` and directed by alan taylor , napoleon 's journey is interesting but his parisian rebirth is stillborn the movie addresses a hungry need for pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it does n't go too much further .
even when foreign directors .
[ næs ] directed the stage version of elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage .
chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson 's dahmer .
cq 's reflection of artists and the love of cinema-and-self suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best european directors .
an exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , minority report twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton 's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana .
a woman 's pic directed with resonance by ilya chaiken .
exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .
well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
directing with a sure and measured hand , [ haneke ] steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash .
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .
[ there 's ] quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .
is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ?
it 's stylishly directed with verve .
it 's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion rather than explosion you fear .
this may be dover kosashvili 's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic .
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors .
it 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style .
this is not chabrol 's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer .
as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
it 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ?
[ clooney 's ] debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .
though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss .
directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep .
the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze .
a gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style favored by many directors of the iranian new wave .
so beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair .
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed .
the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann .
a tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .
beautifully directed and convincingly acted .
directors john musker and ron clements , the team behind the little mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they are n't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space .
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c .
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
if there 's one thing this world needs less of , it 's movies about college that are written and directed by people who could n't pass an entrance exam .
… is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri .
the reality of the new live-action pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .
just not campy enough the movie , directed by mick jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting .
there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked .
directed in a paint-by-numbers manner .
roger michell , who did an appealing job directing persuasion and notting hill in england , gets too artsy in his american debut .
sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it 's a sitcom without the snap-crackle .
why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me .
in the second half of the film , frei 's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for self-analysis .
even legends like alfred hitchcock and john huston occasionally directed trifles .
the film is directed by wally wolodarsky from a script by joe jarvis and greg coolidge .
at first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke wears thin .
it 's badly acted , blandly directed , and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school .
eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work .
i hate this movie it 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .
wells ' time machine was directed by h .
though harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
directors harry gantz and joe gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves are n't all that interesting .
lazily directed by charles stone iii .
tom shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it .
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there 's something about mary co-writer ed decter .
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier .
directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .
screenwriter chris ver weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability .
merchant has n't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage .
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) .
whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors .
one thing 's for sure—if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
this is the first film i 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved .
cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a 'back story . '
unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .
this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .
directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name the 70-year-old godard has become , to judge from in praise of love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them .
theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
competently directed but terminally cute drama .
