spiderman rocks an idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .
at about 95 minutes , treasure planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story .
the story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that 's even less plausible than the rest of the picture .
singer/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs — a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story — but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
this delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized , is a triumph for its maverick director .
a sports movie with action that 's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .
it 's also so jarring that it 's hard to get back into the boys ' story .
hip-hop has a history , and it 's a metaphor for this love story .
this may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other holocaust films , but it 's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it 's told by the people who were there .
s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results .
unlike most teen flicks , swimming takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity .
it will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days .
it 's an old story , but a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes make just a kiss seem minty fresh .
if you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of `` the isle `` you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else .
the seaside splendor and shallow , beautiful people are nice to look at while you wait for the story to get going .
a cop story that understands the medium amazingly well .
an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story .
moore 's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a david and goliath story that 's still very much playing itself out .
the additional storyline is interesting and entertaining , but it does n't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story .
though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium .
an involving true story of a chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution -- acted mostly by the actual people involved .
this is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story 's a little weak .
as expected , sayles ' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances .
a tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled african-american 's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle .
the story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that 's rare in film today , but be warned : it 's a slow slog to get there .
stay clear of reminding yourself that it 's a `` true story `` and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies .
the story feels more like a serious read , filled with heavy doses of always enticing sayles dialogue .
as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the star wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement .
tim story 's not there yet - but 'barbershop ' shows he 's on his way .
jason x has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot .
as the story moves inexorably through its seven day timeframe , the picture becomes increasingly mesmerizing .
an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .
as shaky as the plot is , kaufman 's script is still memorable for some great one-liners .
a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway .
majidi 's poetic love story is a ravishing consciousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times .
the inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth .
compelling as it is exotic , fast runner has a plot that rivals shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder .
despite a story predictable enough to make the sound of music play like a nail-biting thriller , its heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it .
claude miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications .
though the plot is predictable , the movie never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters .
has a plot full of twists upon knots .
just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat .
theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .
the plot is so amusingly contrived and outlandish in its coincidences that no one could ever mistake it for anything resembling reality hits one out of the park for the 'they do n't make 'em like that anymore ' department .
the fact that the rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays .
a highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings .
you might not want to hang out with samantha , but you 'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story .
a real story about real people living their lives concerned about the future of an elderly , mentally handicapped family member .
lathan and diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .
the story may not be new , but australian director john polson , making his american feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly .
[ broomfield ] uncovers a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue .
dark , resonant , inventively detailed and packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement .
the story , like life , refuses to be simple , and the result is a compelling slice of awkward emotions .
a sly game of cat and mouse that 's intense and thrilling at times , but occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances .
finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original .
while surprisingly sincere , this average little story is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing .
lauren ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist .
a potent allegorical love story .
half submarine flick , half ghost story , all in one criminally neglected film entertains by providing good , lively company .
dazzles with its fully-written characters , its determined stylishness ( which always relates to characters and story ) and johnny dankworth 's best soundtrack in years .
it provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .
here 's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep .
we know the plot 's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish .
without ever becoming didactic , director carlos carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .
it 's a coming-of-age story we 've all seen bits of in other films -- but it 's rarely been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity .
jose campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory .
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out .
takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport seldahl 's barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness .
manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer .
a story we have n't seen on the big screen before , and it 's a story that we as americans , and human beings , should know .
a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers .
inside the film 's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it 's not that , it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat .
this is a story of two misfits who do n't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent .
maud and roland 's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but labute pulls off a neater trick in possession : he makes language sexy .
this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms .
a cartoon that 's truly cinematic in scope , and a story that 's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big , four-legged herbivore .
the film 's almost unbearable portrait of sadness and grief transcends its specific story to speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle , and sometimes destroy , blood ties .
a full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution .
the story and structure are well-honed .
maneuvers skillfully through the plot 's hot brine -- until it 's undone by the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors .
a poignant and compelling story about relationships , food of love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart .
if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage , then esther 's story is a compelling quest for truth .
'frailty `` starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme .
an exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , minority report twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order a psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor bill paxton 's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural americana .
the movie 's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast .
an entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart .
while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer 's appetite , the film 's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving .
based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters it 's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way .
whether writer-director anne fontaine 's film is a ghost story , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three or none of the above , it is as seductive as it is haunting .
viewers of `` the ring `` are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes .
a delightful coming-of-age story .
a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back .
a moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate .
delightfully rendered if this story must be told and retold -- and indeed it must -- then the grey zone is to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle .
an interesting story with a pertinent ( cinematically unique ) message , told fairly well and scored to perfection , i found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive `` missing thing . ``
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .
the story .
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .
the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies .
a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .
begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
there is truth here a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .
despite its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` lilo `` could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script .
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective .
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .
jae-eun jeong 's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema .
he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen .
the director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut .
using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
it 's burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
this story still seems timely and important .
and there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene 's story ends .
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view .
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .
the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on .
the plot twists give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed .
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process .
an unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood .
you live the mood rather than savour the story .
while scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs `` is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !
it 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .
the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t .
the fast runner ' transports the viewer into an unusual space ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 'cultural revolution . '
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .
highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world . ``
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
while the story 's undeniably hard to follow , iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
a riveting story well told .
a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take .
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .
wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
for all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , blood work is a strong , character-oriented piece .
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro .
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .
another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks .
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .
though the story .
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare 's plays .
the son of the bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr .
birthday girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom .
the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
based on dave barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .
a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
'barbershop `` is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about drumline is its energy .
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul .
the tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
every child 's story is what matters .
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .
byatt , demands that labute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians .
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .
while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
jolting into charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent ( accurate ?
skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
the movie is our story as much as it is schmidt 's , no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale .
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .
despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .
less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .
a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .
in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .
some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan `` have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war .
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell .
a keep-'em-guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .
brave and sweetly rendered love story .
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .
nair and writer laura cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .
this story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed .
colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , burkinabe filmmaker dani kouyate 's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .
it is an indelible epic american story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives .
the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .
a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .
kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .
if only it had the story to match .
from a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america .
belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .
monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .
it 's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman `` wanted to be .
and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
it 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story it 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .
while puerile men dominate the story , the women shine .
it trusts the story it sets out to tell .
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story .
a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration .
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs .
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
famuyiwa 's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer .
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
the film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .
superb production values & christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot .
it is a likable story , told with competence .
while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course .
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
a moving story of determination and the human spirit . ``
poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
all in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .
the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings .
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
though writer/director bart freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance .
the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep .
massoud 's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history .
a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them .
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
tells a fascinating , compelling story .
it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .
the plot weaves us into a complex web .
do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum [ reynolds ] takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
the story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there 's a certain style and wit to the dialogue .
if i have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story ( like , say , treasure planet ) or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , i 'll take the latter every time .
shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .
a different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling .
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .
if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in…and making you sweat .
it 's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison .
while [ roman coppola ] scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story .
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .
though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
disney aficionados will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical `` bedknobs and broomsticks , `` which also dealt with british children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime .
the unexplored story opportunities of `` punch-drunk love `` may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson . ``
remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
it arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications .
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .
siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .
like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .
the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .
art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in < i ?
a sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
the main story .
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than [ total recall and blade runner ] , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .
a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .
it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship .
what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery there has to be a few advantages to never growing old .
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
noyce creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism .
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch .
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .
another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it .
gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot -- in fact toback himself used it in black and white .
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .
missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
the modern remake of dumas 's story is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action .
from both a great and a terrible story , mr .
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls .
tells ( the story ) with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot 's persnickety problems is simply a matter of ( being ) in a shrugging mood .
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title .
the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .
manages to delight without much of a story .
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday .
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
an almost unbearably morbid love story .
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .
the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count .
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
the movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .
imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .
if sinise 's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over .
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
there 's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance .
i 'm not saying that ice age does n't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there 's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life .
in the telling of a story largely untold , bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times terminally brain dead production .
though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .
has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .
that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core .
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .
murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
it 's not only dull because we 've seen [ eddie ] murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
a poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda .
there 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .
the boys ' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the story 's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements .
the story is so light and sugary that were it a macy 's thanksgiving day parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away .
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality .
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david 's point of view .
the actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers do n't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types .
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .
a film that loses sight of its own story .
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
i do n't even care that there 's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff .
the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .
…the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .
mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers `` bare .
a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
typical animé , with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names .
at no point during k-19 : the widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot .
there 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more .
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .
while kids will probably eat the whole thing up , most adults will be way ahead of the plot .
this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution .
all the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .
'the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .
yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together .
an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .
hundert tells us in his narration that 'this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement .
once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
an uplifting , largely bogus story .
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .
unlike [ scorsese 's mean streets ] , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
schneider 's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story 's continuity and progression .
if only merchant paid more attention the story .
the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility .
for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie .
if you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .
jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability .
the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .
it is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .
plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story .
the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
'cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .
i wish windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story .
both the crime story and the love story are unusual .
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
true hollywood story .
we just do n't really care too much about this love story .
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i have n't encountered since at least pete 's dragon .
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey .
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling .
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
the story the movie tells is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
the santa clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
[ stevens is ] so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
amidst the action , the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ``
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .
comedy troupe broken lizard 's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot .
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .
the adventure does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 .
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story .
in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of .
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .
occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story .
it follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every schwarzenegger film : someone crosses arnie .
may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr .
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .
very special effects , brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality ca n't hide the giant achilles ' heel in `` stuart little 2 `` : there 's just no story , folks .
the plot combines the blues brothers and almost famous ( but with bears , and a g rating ) , with an excruciating dollop of disney sentimentality mixed in for good measure .
full of witless jokes , dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios , and saddled with a general air of misogyny the film 's hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style .
it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes .
should have been someone else- the film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner .
zaidan 's script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight .
for starters , the story is just too slim .
the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience 's chain .
not exactly the bees knees it does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed over a 28k modem .
if only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con .
after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
[ director ] o'fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but his skill at telling a story -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short .
there seems to be no clear path as to where the story 's going , or how long it 's going to take to get there .
intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story 's least interesting subject .
an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story .
this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing .
there 's a solid woman- finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you 'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it .
its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ?
puportedly `` based on true events , `` a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story `` with a straight face .
it 's clear the filmmakers were n't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination .
there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through .
just not campy enough the movie , directed by mick jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting .
plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments .
so devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful treatises combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , beck seems to be under the illusion that he 's shooting the latest system of a down video .
while there 's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying 'get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer it 's hampered by a lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth .
-- that the 'true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired `` was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen .
the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you 're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships .
hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole ' miss in the way of story .
it 's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it does n't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks .
whenever its story is n't bogged down by idiocy involving the cia and a lost u .
the humor is n't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original .
the story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured ( and torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you ca n't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on .
consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than ali g another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
imagine a really bad community theater production of west side story without the songs .
if shayamalan wanted to tell a story about a man who loses his faith , why did n't he just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing ?
the story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter paul pender overloads it with sugary bits of business .
you see robert de niro singing - and dancing to - west side story show tunes .
instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story , the film 's more determined to become the next texas chainsaw massacre .
attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids ' tv and revenge .
the story 's so preposterous that i did n't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved .
birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it .
de niro and mcdormand give solid performances , but their screen time is sabotaged by the story 's inability to create interest .
even those of a single digit age will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy .
the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime does n't pay .
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real—she ca n't provide any conflict .
with a story as bizarre and mysterious as this , you do n't want to be worrying about whether the ineffectual broomfield is going to have the courage to knock on that door .
the filmmakers juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point , unless it 's that life stinks , especially for sensitive married women who really love other women .
a gimmick in search of a movie : how to get carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible , plot mechanics be damned .
it 's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold .
each story on its own could have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature , but in its current incarnation , storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception .
where last time jokes flowed out of cho 's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line , here the comedian hides behind obviously constructed routines .
wallace seems less like he 's been burning to tell a war story than he 's been itching to somehow tack one together the thrill is ( long ) gone .
great story , bad idea for a movie .
every bit as bogus as most disney live action family movies are -- no real plot , no real conflict , no real point .
a sensual performance from abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we 're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at .
when the plot kicks in , the film loses credibility .
it 's a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject , but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history , or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story .
we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas .
opens as promising as any war/adventure film you 'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled `` glory : a soldier 's story . ``
with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path .
the plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness .
as [ the characters ] get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound .
theology aside , why put someone who ultimately does n't learn at the center of a kids ' story ?
despite the premise of a good story .
although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol ' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result does n't fully satisfy either the die-hard jason fans or those who can take a good joke .
wilson from a story by wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all .
there 's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about .
too much of this well-acted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes .
the plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset .
the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : they might be giants ' so to be one of us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed .
guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens .
i did n't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot .
the kid stays in the picture `` is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat .
just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story .
the acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from gilligan 's island -- and the cgi scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year .
but hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour .
the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence .
another big , dumb action movie in the vein of xxx , the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through .
this film , starring anthony hopkins and chris rock , is your typical 'fish out of water ' story .
places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller .
the plot is straight off the shelf , the performances are television- caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy .
as with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure .
the new faces are interesting , but the old story is n't , especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted .
the central story lacks punch .
the story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm , but will anyone really care ?
the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of .
it 's hard not to feel you 've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story .
i just did n't care as much for the story .
the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough .
based on a david leavitt story , the film shares that writer 's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness .
the two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect .
the rest of the plot is impossible to explain without blowing whatever tension there is , although it 's more comedy than suspense de palma creates .
what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama .
and forget about any attempt at a plot !
i spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations .
as your relatives swap one mundane story after another , you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart .
no number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story .
the problem with this film is that it 's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot .
all these developments and challenges facing santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility .
the story .
it 's an awfully derivative story .
it 's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances , but is ultimately let down by a story that is all too predictable .
not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hip-hop sorely disappointed .
has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor — but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake- of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
the movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .
the story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [ denis ' ] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle the dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically .
you come away wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story .
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .
the plot 's clearly mythic structure may owe more to disney 's strong sense of formula than to the original story .
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed 'surprises . '
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes .
this story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious .
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it .
i realized that no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked , its story was making no sense at all .
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
the origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books .
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story .
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .
a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot 'surprises ' are really surprising .
that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .
even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .
though harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .
anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in 'the ring . '
the plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .
a sterling film - a cross between boys do n't cry , deliverance , and ode to billy joe - lies somewhere in the story of matthew shepard , but that film is yet to be made .
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament .
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .
the characters are interesting and the relationship between yosuke and saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there 's not enough to the story to fill two hours .
the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
the plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .
it tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
shanghai ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage .
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .
the animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies .
above its paint-by-numbers plot .
the story has little wit and no surprises .
the movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king .
does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films .
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .
we 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
one sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
the story itself is actually quite vapid .
would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .
it 's all gratuitous before long , as if schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story . ``
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons – a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story .
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .
the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
rob schneider , dana carvey and sarah michelle gellar in the philadelphia story ?
ca n't seem to get anywhere near the story 's center .
this is a heartfelt story .
[ but ] from a mere story point of view , the film 's ice cold .
if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .
a summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up .
that have no bearing on the story .
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile .
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .
i do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .
frank capra played this story straight .
how about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ?
a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .
elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side .
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum 's good intentions .
the story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long .
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
remains far more interesting than the story at hand .
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition & # 133 ; whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .
the story of trouble every day .
is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
a movie to forget for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2-hour running time .
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .
this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along .
a movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story .
despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair .
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down .
once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film .
the movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity .
lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling .
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there is n't enough clever innuendo to fil the niftiest trick perpetrated by the importance of being earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of wilde into austen -- and a hollywood-ized austen at that .
cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a 'back story . '
it 's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from .
true hollywood story .
is n't that the basis for the entire plot ? ``
it has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .
the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .
too bad writer-director adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets .
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going .
too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .
the movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .
it 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes .
lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
with a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard .
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ?
better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust .
gaping plot holes sink this 'sub'-standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions .
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .
yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a can't-miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong .
far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love .
harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .
…the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing .
the plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
it 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
